This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/javascript/tutorials/index.md

---

> description: Table of contents for the Golem JS SDK tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: List of the Golem JS SDK tutorials.
```
